#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via requests-cache
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
branca==0.6.0
    # via ipyleaflet
cattrs==22.2.0
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via requests
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via cattrs
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.10.2
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.20.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipyleaflet==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.8.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipyleaflet
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   branca
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-archive==3.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.1.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-archive
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.19.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
lat-lon-parser==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pandas
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   vega-datasets
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-cache
requests-cache==0.9.8
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   url-normalize
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.8.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via ipyleaflet
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
vega-datasets==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
xyzservices==2022.9.0
    # via ipyleaflet
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
